I didn't see anyone alive for over a
year
my dad told us he can't leave the valley
as long as we stay here would be
protected
gotta be an explanation it's just crazy
this is still here why are you doing the
work my hand can't drive this ran out of
gas pumps don't run without electricity
you can get it to work manually hey it
work
really means something that you think
mom term person
come on 10-speaker tweeners it's okay
cuz we got done
but
I mean you no harm man my name is Caleb
hey no no no it's alright
this guy could be anybody for all we
know this valley survival about you and
I did because we have faith so what's
your plan I've seen the way if you need
to figure it out figure it out I found
out a lot of stuff about you thought
sick of being on my own jealousy doesn't
see you said yeah
you fancy wager